From the bottom of my heart, I want to say I love you.

You’re my heart desire. My heart has chosen you and I’ll never let you go.

You’re the promise of love I’ve waited for all my life. I’ll cherish you always.

Relax in my love baby. Relax in what we share, I’ll never leave you.

No shame in this love. No regret. No sorrow. I love you totally and thoroughly. You’re my endless love.

Nothing much to say darling, just to let you know I love you so much an di’ll never let you go.

I bask in your love darling. See how I glow. Oh! You think glowing is for women alone? Nah! You’re wrong. I glow and I know it, it’s all because of you.

Every day reveals how such a blessing you are to me. You are priceless and I’ll keep you forever.

How come no one found you before I did? They must have all been blind. I thank my stars I found you first. I’ll never let you go.

No matter what comes my way, as long as you’re by my side, I can handle it. I love you.

If there’s one thing I’m certain of, it’s that I love you and I’ll never leave you.

There’s a candle burning in my heart for you and I’ll never let it die.

Every time I see you, every time I think about you, I have a big smile on my face.

I count myself lucky to be loved by an amazing woman like you. You are so refreshingly different.

You are the quintessential woman and I’m lucky to have you all to myself.

Your love makes me the envy of others. I’ll never let you go.

My lover and my friend. You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me.

Your love is a gift I treasure.

I want to grow old with you baby. I want to be there with you every of your waking hours and at night when you go to bed.

I’m sending you hugs and kisses and this little gift to let you know how much I love and care about you.

The more I get to know you, the better I find myself loving you.

If I knew this was the way it felt to be in love, I’d I’ve found you a long time ago so I could love you longer.

Your love is a driving force for me. Your love is my opium. I’m high on it.

Thank you for always having my back baby. Thank you for always being there.

I’d gladly give you my all if you asked for it. Since you didn’t ask for it, I’d give you anyway. I love you so much.

As I write this, there’s a smile on my lips. Thinking about you makes me smile.

What matters is now. So I’m concentrating on the present and giving you the best of myself.

I love the way you love me. Really so adoring, so peaceful.

Loving you is a blessing I’m thankful for. I don’t know what I’ve done to deserve you, but whatever it is, I’m grateful I did it.

I wish I was your mirror so I could get the chance to look at you every morning.

I’d love to take our relationship to the next level baby. I’ve been thinking a lot lately and seeing that I can’t live without you , I’d like to ask, will you marry me?

I’ve only just got up from bed and you’re on my mind already.

Let me be on your to-do list today baby. I’d love to spend some time with you.

The only thing that could possibly make today better is having you by my side. How’re you doing?

You’re thousands of miles away, yet you’re right here in my heart.

I’d like to say that I couldn’t love you better than I already did, but I know it’s not true. I’ll love you more with each passing day.

Listen to your heart baby, let it tell you the story of my love.

I wish I was your pillow so I’d get to be hugged by you every night.

There’s none as beautiful as you baby. you have me totally captivated by you.

There’s no occasion for this message. It’s just to let you know you are truly special and I love you so much.

Love is this thing I feel for you, this thing setting my whole being on fire. I love this feeling.

I’m counting down to the minutes I get to be with you. I really can’t wait.

You’re my favourite human on this side of life. Gosh! I love you so much.

You understand me so thoroughly. I feel no need to put on airs around you. That’s why I can never leave you. You make me feel so special.

Now, there’s something they call soul mates. You and I make me believe in that concept. How’re you doing soul mate?

What did I ever do to deserve you? How did I ever get so lucky to have you? God is really God to have gifted me with you.

I get lost in the beauty of your eyes, in its expression filled depth.

I wonder where all the excitement comes from when I’m with you and where they disappear to when you’re not here.

I can’t explain how I came to feel this way about you. All I know is that I love you. I really do.

My life feels so perfect right now and it’s all because of you.

Your laughter is incredibly beautiful.  It soothes my heart and I can’t get enough of it.

You are like a powerful magnet drawing me to yourself. I can’t resist this attraction I feel for you. I love you so much.

Your smile lights up my whole world. When you smile, I am satisfied.

When I worry so much about you, what I’m really saying is, I love you so much and don’t ever want to lose you.

You can’t make me stop loving you. No matter what you do, I’ll always be here.

You belong with angels baby. I’m so lucky you love a mere mortal like me.

I love who I become when I’m around you. You are intriguing.

When I couldn’t find a reason to love myself, you loved all of me. I love you so much.

I love you, more than any unpleasant circumstance we might encounter, more than the rough days ahead. I love you more than anything that could come our way.

Together with you is my favourite place to be. Home is anywhere with you.

My heart sings for you alone baby. I want to be your everything.

You keep running around in my thoughts. You have no idea how difficult it is to concentrate on anything but you. I love you baby.

Being with you keeps every part of me deliciously alive. I love you darling.

You are like a treasure discovered in a haysack. You stand out from everything, from everyone that has been in my life. You are special.

Ever since I met you, you’ve been on my mind. I can’t stop thinking about you. You are indeed special.

READ ALSO: Heartfelt Love Messages for Him or Her

You complete me so perfectly. My searching ended when I found you.

Wonder why I keep giving you so much attention? Because you deserve it baby. You’re special, every part of you.

No need being inadequate around me. No need hiding any part of you from me. I’m not perfect and  I don’t expect you to be. I love you just as you are.

When I look into your eyes, I see all I feel for you. Your eyes are a mirror of my emotions.

Around you, I feel no need to pretend. I feel no need to put up appearances. You make me feel so relaxed, I guess that’s why I always want to be with you.

This heart I’ve managed to guard so well up till now. How did you manage to sneak in so effortlessly?

I could look at you forever baby. Your eyes hold all the peace I need.

To the world you’re just one person, but to me, you’re the whole world.

I care about you deeply, in ways than you can imagine.

I want to spend all the days of my life with you. You add so much colour to my life.

I love all of your perfections and imperfections. I love all of you.

Life without you would be meaningless. I can’t even imagine it. I love you babe.

How do you manage to look so beautiful always? Let me in on the secret. I’d love to look handsome for you all the time.

I can never get enough of you my darling. Like old wine, you get better with age.

I love you, imperfections and all. They make you who you are and you are unique.

Let me love you baby. I’ll love you in ways unimaginable. I’m the right man for you.

My heart beats in yours sweetheart. I’ll love you forever.

It’s a blessing to be loved by you. You are the salt of my world.

There is no fear in this love. The love I have for you is in its purest form. I’ll cherish you forever.

I could get lost in your eyes. They see right to my soul. I love you baby.

Your eyes tell me all I need to know. They tell the most beautiful love story, ours.

Loving you is one of the most rewarding experiences. Loving you is bliss.

You have stolen my heart. I don’t want it back. All I pray is that you handle it with care. I love you special woman.

The heart chooses its own. My heart chose you. I don’t understand it, all I know is that I love you.

Our love story will take forever to end. I’ll love you till eternity.

I loved you the first time I set my eyes on you. You had my heart captured from day one.

Nothing matters to me than your smile. I live for it. Give me a quick one baby, I love you.

I have nothing but love for you baby. Nothing but pure love.

This thing you’re doing to my heart? How did you penetrate so deeply?  I can’t think straight again baby. I’m intoxicated by your love.

 It’s you I want today and always baby. You’re enough for me. I’m satisfied by your love.

You mean a lot to me darling and I love you so deeply.